what what I'm freaking out oh yeah my
due date isn't one week are you doing oh
that is seven days look I had a lot of
water before I went to bed can we do
this huh
please come on we do not have any of the
big stuff that we need we do not have a
changing table we do not have a crib we
do not have a diaper service that's
funny she mentioned diapers I'm serious
okay look there's there's nothing to
worry about we're plenty of time there's
a great baby furniture store on West
tenth tomorrow we will go there and
we'll get you everything we need okay
okay thank you that's great thank you
wait we we're in West 10th cuz there's a
really cute shoe store that has like
okay okay if if you're gonna do this
then I'm gonna go do that
okay Ross I'm sorry one more thing yeah
um our situation you know um what we
mean to each other
and I mean we're having this baby
together you know when we live together
isn't that isn't that weird
well uh I'm just kidding and goofy do
you want these things delivered mr.
Skell er oh no no no we're not married
we are having a baby together but we're
we're not involved I mean we we were
seeing each other awhile ago but then we
were just friends and then there was one
drunken night or yes stranger we'd like
this delivered please why don't you fill
out this address card oh okay I noticed
you've picked out a lot of our dinosaur
items oh yeah actually that's one of the
reasons why we are not a couple I chose
those I'm a paleontologist really that
is so cool Oh oh yeah don't get too
worked up over it I mean it sounds like
he's a doctor but he's oh no no I'm
fascinated by paleontology have you read
the Walter Alvarez book yeah I teach it
in my class oh my god
standing at a cash register I'm holding
a credit card and I'm barred
oh I love your neighborhood there's a
great gym right around the corner from
your building
that's my gym I could tell you work out
paleontologist who works out
you're like Indiana Jones I am like
Indiana Jack
beeps hey oh how did baby shopping go oh
it was great we got everything that we
needed oh and Ross almost got something
that wasn't on the list
Oh whore what well we were paying for
our stuff and this saleswoman just
started flirting with him can you
believe that
well did she know you two weren't
married yeah oh my god well the idea of
a woman flirting with it with a single
man we must alert the church elders do
you don't understand you you didn't see
how brazen she was it sounds like you're
a little jealous no I'm not I I just
think it's wrong it's that I mean Here I
am about to pop and he's out picking up
some shop girl it sluts are us is that a
real place are they hiring